Add development readme (#155)
DataDog/jenkins-datadog-plugin: DEVELOPMENT.md

## Developing on this Jenkins Plugin

> This page will outline some example steps that can be taken to spin up a development enviornment for this repository. The requirements are:

Reviewer: `enviornment` ==> `environment`. Just a minor typo.

> This page will outline some example steps that can be taken to spin up a development environment for this repository. The requirements are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page outlines some example steps to spin up a development environment for the *jenkins-datadog-plugin* repository. The requirements are:
```

> * Java 1.8

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Java 1.8](https://www.java.com/en/download/)
```

> * docker-compose

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Docker & docker-compose
```

> * Docker & docker-compose

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/) & [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
```

> * A clone/fork of this repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [A clone/fork of this repository](https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo)
```

> To get started, save the following docker-compose file somewhere locally:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started, save the following `docker-compose.yaml` file in your working directory locally:
```

```
version: "3.7"
services:
  jenkins:
    image: jenkins/jenkins:lts
    ports:
      - 8080:8080
    volumes:
      - $JENKINS_PLUGIN/target/:/var/jenkins_home/plugins
```

> Set the JENKINS_PLUGIN environment variable to point to the folder of the clone or fork of this repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set the `JENKINS_PLUGIN` environment variable to point to the folder of the clone/fork of this repository.
```

> From here you can run `docker-compose up -f `<path_to_docker_compose_file>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
From here you can run `docker-compose -f `<path_to_docker_compose_file> up -d`.
```

> From here you can run `docker-compose -f `<path_to_docker_compose_file> up -d`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then run `docker-compose -f <DOCKER_COMPOSE_FILE_PATH> up -d`.
```

> This will spin up the Jenkins docker image and auto mount the target folder of this repository (the location where the binary is built)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This spins up the Jenkins docker image and auto mount the target folder of this repository (the location where the binary is built)
```

> To see updates, after re building the provider with `mvn clean package` on your local machine, simply run `docker-compose down` and spin this up again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see updates, after re building the provider with `mvn clean package` on your local machine, run `docker-compose down` and spin this up again.
```
